this hybrid CD bharata natyam presets
and practice which takes you on a voyage
of discovery right to the technical and
theoretical core of bharata natyam
what you will see in this product is a
detailed discussion and demonstration of
the various single and double handed
guest chairs are some youth ahead stars
and some you the hostas as they are
known and you will also see how these
can be applied to communicate we now
present to you a demonstration of assam
muta hostile or single-handed guest
shells and you will see how they can be
used in various permutations and
combinations to communicate effectively
patacas Tripitaka are de patatas carter
emu kaha my rock you are Dutch and rest
are ila shewket andhaka ha mush teacher
she caracas chair capita kataka Makaha
let us now have a look at some of the
hostas or double-handed gestures in
which both the hands are used in
conjunction to communicate some muta
hosta
Anjali stir capataz chair car cutter
swastika Stata Dola hosta
Pushpa puta her with sangha shiva linga
kaha Dola hosta Pushpa puta her with
sangha shiva linga kaha kakaka over
Dennis Chavez Cadbury swastika Stata
kataka what Dennis Chavez Carberry
swastikas data Shikata Shanker check
return some puta